README.md, before:

# calendar
JavaFX calendar program to alternate for a desktop calendar gadget

![Calendar View](http://cdn-ak.f.st-hatena.com/images/fotolife/t/torutk/20160717/20160717202502.png)

## how to build

This repository has a source projects of Calendar program to build with NetBeans IDE 8.1 and Java SE 8.

## built binary

Some releases have built binary installer files for Windows OS.
These installers are self-contained application installable packages, so no JDK or JRE required.

## how to run

### after build

- execute an executable jar for all platform. (required JDK or JRE 8)
- Not run on JDK 9

### after install of self-contained applicaiton package(MSI)

- execute a short-cut icon or a native executable file

### gadget common functions support

- move window by mouse dragging
- resize window by Ctrl key + mouse wheeling
- close window by context menu (pop up by right mouse button)
- save window position and size when closing, load these status on start.
(command-line option is priority than this save and load status)

### command-line options

The command-line options are available as follows.

|Configuration item |option name | examples |
|---|---|---|
|top left x coordinate | x     | --x=800 |
|top left y coordinate | y     | --y=60  |
|calendar width        | width | --width=320 |
|calendar height       | height| --height=300 |
|holidays configuration file | holiday | --holiday=holicays.conf |

### configuration file for a self-contained application package(MSI)

The configuration file 'Calendar.cfg' is in 'app' folder in the installed folder.
JVM options and command-line options are descriptable in the file.

Commit message:

Migrate to gradle and JPMS

README.md, after:

# calendar
JavaFX calendar program to alternate for a desktop calendar gadget

![Calendar View](http://cdn-ak.f.st-hatena.com/images/fotolife/t/torutk/20160717/20160717202502.png)

## how to build

This repository has a source projects of Calendar program to build with Gradle 6.4+ and Java SE 11+.
Additionally, to create Windows installer with Java SE 14+ and WiX 3.10+.

## built binary

Some releases have built binary installer files for Windows OS.
These installers are self-contained application installable packages, so no JDK or JRE required.

## how to run

### after build

- execute an executable jar for all platform. (required JDK 11)

### after install of self-contained applicaiton package(MSI)

- execute a short-cut icon or a native executable file

### gadget common functions support

- move window by mouse dragging
- resize window by Ctrl key + mouse wheeling
- close window by context menu (pop up by right mouse button)
- save window position and size when closing, load these status on start.
(command-line option is priority than this save and load status)

### command-line options

The command-line options are available as follows.

|Configuration item |option name | examples |
|---|---|---|
|top left x coordinate | x     | --x=800 |
|top left y coordinate | y     | --y=60  |
|calendar width        | width | --width=320 |
|calendar height       | height| --height=300 |
|holidays configuration file | holiday | --holiday=holicays.conf |

### configuration file for a self-contained application package(MSI)

The configuration file 'Calendar.cfg' is in 'app' folder in the installed folder.
JVM options and command-line options are descriptable in the file.
